TROUBLESHOOTING.md, before:

# Troubleshooting

### Ensure you have the latest version of the library installed

```bash
$ cd php-curl-class/
$ composer update
$ composer info
```
Compare your version with latest release listed on the [releases page](https://github.com/php-curl-class/php-curl-class/releases).

### Turn on error reporting

```php
error_reporting(E_ALL);
```

### Turn on verbose mode

```php
error_reporting(E_ALL);
$curl = new Curl();
$curl->verbose();
$curl->get('https://www.example.com/');
var_dump($curl);
```

### Compare request with and without the library

```php
error_reporting(E_ALL);
$curl = new Curl();
$curl->get('https://www.example.com/');
var_dump($curl);
```

```php
error_reporting(E_ALL);
$ch = curl_init();
curl_setopt($ch, CURLINFO_HEADER_OUT, true);
curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_HEADER, false);
curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_RETURNTRANSFER, true);
curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_URL, 'https://www.example.com/');
curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_CUSTOMREQUEST, 'GET');
curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_HTTPGET, true);
$raw_response = curl_exec($ch);
$curl_error_code = curl_errno($ch);
$curl_error_message = curl_error($ch);
$http_status_code = curl_getinfo($ch, CURLINFO_HTTP_CODE);
$request_headers = curl_getinfo($ch, CURLINFO_HEADER_OUT);
var_dump($http_status_code);
var_dump($curl_error_code);
var_dump($curl_error_message);
var_dump($request_headers);
var_dump($raw_response);
```

### Ensure you have the latest version of composer installed

```bash
$ composer self-update
$ composer --version
```

Commit message:

Fix #596: Suggest updating curl version used by php

TROUBLESHOOTING.md, after:

# Troubleshooting

### Ensure you have the latest version of the library installed

```bash
$ cd php-curl-class/
$ composer update
$ composer info
```
Compare your version with latest release listed on the [releases page](https://github.com/php-curl-class/php-curl-class/releases).

### Ensure php is using the latest version of curl

```bash
$ php -r 'var_dump(curl_version());'
```

Compare your version of curl with latest release listed on [curl's releases page](https://github.com/curl/curl/releases).

### Turn on error reporting

```php
error_reporting(E_ALL);
```

### Turn on verbose mode

```php
error_reporting(E_ALL);
$curl = new Curl();
$curl->verbose();
$curl->get('https://www.example.com/');
var_dump($curl);
```

### Compare request with and without the library

```php
error_reporting(E_ALL);
$curl = new Curl();
$curl->get('https://www.example.com/');
var_dump($curl);
```

```php
error_reporting(E_ALL);
$ch = curl_init();
curl_setopt($ch, CURLINFO_HEADER_OUT, true);
curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_HEADER, false);
curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_RETURNTRANSFER, true);
curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_URL, 'https://www.example.com/');
curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_CUSTOMREQUEST, 'GET');
curl_setopt($ch, CURLOPT_HTTPGET, true);
$raw_response = curl_exec($ch);
$curl_error_code = curl_errno($ch);
$curl_error_message = curl_error($ch);
$http_status_code = curl_getinfo($ch, CURLINFO_HTTP_CODE);
$request_headers = curl_getinfo($ch, CURLINFO_HEADER_OUT);
var_dump($http_status_code);
var_dump($curl_error_code);
var_dump($curl_error_message);
var_dump($request_headers);
var_dump($raw_response);
```

### Ensure you have the latest version of composer installed

```bash
$ composer self-update
$ composer --version
```
